dev-docs: refactor and add information for newbies (#1912)
edgelesssys/constellation: CONTRIBUTING.md

Constellation is licensed under the [AGPLv3](LICENSE). When contributing, you also need to agree to our [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/edgelesssys/constellation).

## Reporting issues and bugs, asking questions

> This project uses the GitHub issue tracker. Please check the existing issues before submitting to avoid duplicates.
> 
> To report a security issue, contact <security@edgeless.systems>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses the GitHub issue tracker. Check the existing issues before submitting to avoid duplicates.

Please report any security issue via a [private GitHub vulnerability report](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/security/advisories/new) or write to <security@edgeless.systems>.
```
I changed this recommendation a while ago and adapted the project's readme, but forgot to change it in the dev docs.

Your bug report should cover the following points:

* A quick summary and/or background of the issue
* Steps to reproduce (be specific, e.g., provide sample code)
* What you expected would happen
* What actually happens
* Further notes:
  * Thoughts on possible causes
  * Tested workarounds or fixes

> ## Contributing a Pull request
> 
> See [here](./dev-docs/workflows/pull-request.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing a pull request

See the [pull request workflow](./dev-docs/workflows/pull-request.md).
```
Avoid "here" links. Use meaningful link titles.

## Developer docs

We have some documentation, guidelines and conventions that you can go through to familiarize yourself with the project and get started hacking on it.

Here are some useful links inside `dev-docs`:

* Building, testing, deploying: [local development](/dev-docs/workflows/build-develop-deploy.md)
* [Code conventions](/dev-docs/conventions.md#code-conventions)

> * [Process conventions](/dev-docs/conventions.md#process-conventions)

Reviewer: fix these links
